Update existing cumulative docs contributing guidelines (#4567)
elastic/docs-content: contribute-docs/_snippets/applies_to-version.md

`applies_to` accepts the following version formats:

| Format | Syntax | Examples | Badge Display | Description |
|:-------|:-------|:---------|:--------------|:------------|
| **Greater than or equal to** (default) | `x.x+`<br>`x.x`<br>`x.x.x+`<br>`x.x.x` | `ga 9.1`<br>`ga 9.1+` | `9.1+` | Applies from this version onwards |
| **Range** (inclusive) | `x.x-y.y`<br>`x.x.x-y.y.y` | `preview 9.0-9.2` | `9.0-9.2`<br>`9.0+`* | Applies within the specified range |
| **Exact version** | `=x.x`<br>`=x.x.x` | `beta =9.1` | `9.1` | Applies only to this specific version |

\* Range display depends on release status of the second version.

**Important notes:**

- Versions are always displayed as **Major.Minor** (for example, `9.1`) in badges, regardless of whether you specify patch versions in the source.

> - Each version statement corresponds to the **latest patch** of the specified minor version (for example, `9.1` represents 9.1.0, 9.1.1, 9.1.6, and so on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each version statement corresponds to the **latest patch** of the specified minor version (for example, `9.1` represents 9.1.6 if 9.1.6 is the latest patch available for the 9.1 series).
```
